---
title: blacksmith generate action
enterprise: false
docker: false
---

# `blacksmith generate action`

This command generates the files for an action. It is the recommended way for a
developer to create an action quickly and efficiently.

**Example:**
```bash
$ blacksmith generate action --name identify

```

**Related ressources:**
- ETL guides >
  [Actions](/blacksmith/guides/load/actions)

## Required flags

- `--name [action]`: Set the name of the action. It shall be a valid name only
  containing lowercase letters (`a-z`), underscores (`_`), and dashes (`-`).

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate action --name identify

  ```

## Optional flags

- `--path [path]`: Relative path where the action's files will be generated. If
  the directories don't exist, they will automatically be created (if possible).
  If files already exist at the path with the same name of the ones generated by
  the CLI, an error will be prompted. The CLI will never override existing files.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate action --name identify --path ./destinations/crm

  ```

- `--hooks`: Enable lifecycle hooks for the action by adding the `Init` and
  `Shutdown` methods. They will respectively be executed when the scheduler service
  starts and stops, or before and after running migrations from the CLI. The `Init`
  function will always be executed after the one of its parent destination, whereas
  the `Shutdown` function will always be executed before.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate action --name identify --hooks

  ```

- `--migrations`: Enable the action to have migrations. This adds the appropriate
  methods to the action to handle migrations for the `wanderer` adapter.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate action --name identify --migrations

  ```

- `--no-comments`: Remove the comments on the files generated.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate action --name identify --no-comments

  ```
