---
title: blacksmith generate destination
enterprise: false
docker: false
---

# `blacksmith generate destination`

This command generates the files for a destination. It is the recommended way for
a developer to create a destination quickly and efficiently.

**Example:**
```bash
$ blacksmith generate destination --name crm

```

**Related ressources:**
- Guides for ETL with Go >
  [Destinations](/blacksmith/etl/load/destinations)

## Required flags

- `--name [destination]`: Set the name of the destination. It shall be a valid name
  only containing lowercase letters (`a-z`), underscores (`_`), and dashes (`-`).

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate destination --name crm

  ```

## Optional flags

- `--path [path]`: Relative path where the destination's files will be generated.
  If the directories don't exist, they will automatically be created (if possible).
  If files already exist at the path with the same name of the ones generated by
  the CLI, an error will be prompted. The CLI will never override existing files.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate destination --name crm --path ./destinations/crm

  ```

- `--hooks`: Enable lifecycle hooks for the destination by adding the `Init` and
  `Shutdown` methods. They will respectively be executed when the scheduler service
  starts and stops, or before and after running migrations from the CLI. The `Init`
  function will always be executed before the ones of its actions, whereas the
  `Shutdown` function will always be executed after.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate destination --name crm --hooks

  ```

- `--migrations`: Enable the destination to have migrations. This adds the appropriate
  methods to the destination to handle migrations for the `wanderer` adapter.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate destination --name crm --migrations

  ```

- `--no-comments`: Remove the comments on the files generated.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate destination --name crm --no-comments

  ```
