---
title: blacksmith generate trigger
enterprise: false
docker: false
---

# `blacksmith generate trigger`

This command generates the files for a trigger. It is the recommended way for a
developer to create a trigger quickly and efficiently.

**Example:**
```bash
$ blacksmith generate trigger --name identify --mode http

```

**Related ressources:**
- ETL guides >
  [Triggers](/blacksmith/guides/extraction/triggers)

## Required flags

- `--name [trigger]`: Set the name of the trigger. It shall be a valid name only
  containing lowercase letters (`a-z`), underscores (`_`), and dashes (`-`).

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate trigger --name identify --mode sub

  ```

- `--mode [mode]`: Set the mode of the trigger. It must be one of `http`, `cron`,
  `cdc`, or `sub`.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate trigger --name checkpoint --mode cron

  ```

## Optional flags

- `--path [path]`: Relative path where the trigger's files will be generated. If
  the directories don't exist, they will automatically be created (if possible).
  If files already exist at the path with the same name of the ones generated by
  the CLI, an error will be prompted. The CLI will never override existing files.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate trigger --name identify --mode http --path ./sources/webhooks

  ```

- `--hooks`: Enable lifecycle hooks for the trigger by adding the `Init` and
  `Shutdown` methods. They will respectively be executed when the gateway service
  starts and stops, or before and after running migrations from the CLI. The `Init`
  function will always be executed after the one of its parent source, whereas
  the `Shutdown` function will always be executed before.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate trigger --name identify --mode http --hooks

  ```

- `--migrations`: Enable the trigger to have migrations. This adds the appropriate
  method to the trigger to handle migrations for the `wanderer` adapter.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate trigger --name identify --mode http --migrations

  ```

- `--no-comments`: Remove the comments on the files generated.

  **Example:**
  ```bash
  $ blacksmith generate trigger --name identify --mode http --no-comments

  ```
